it's what's brown and sticky to tasted
from it is something that has a chemical
in it that is vomit
it's American chocolate is American
chocolates you're absolutely right so if
you buy American chocolate it tastes
more tangy and bitter than European
chocolate do you know why yes milk they
used
UHT don't they or or dried milk or some
the chocolate factories in the United
States are further from the dairy farms
than in the UK obviously so you've got
to move the milk for a bit longer and so
they have a chemical process which
extends the shelf life and it produces
something called Abu Tarek acid and that
is the same stuff that you get in
Parmesan cheese
yes and in vomit so even chocolate
brands that don't use that process
sometimes add that acid anyway just to
mimic the taste because the Americans
have got used to it so a few things
actually taste a bit sicky it's because
it's the same acid as in sick but the
American chocolate has a lot more sugar
in it and it has fewer cocoa so it's 20%
in the UK 10% in American you know when
you get chocolate and it goes white if
you leave it to find it in the back of a
drawer yeah in the play once in in the
West End this is in 2003 of it and an
elderly lady came to see it I think four
times and on the fourth time she gave me
a kit kat I said I it's very kind and
then the next day I ate the Kit Kat and
it it tasted exactly like an old lady's
cupboard it's not a euphemism I looked
on the sell by date and it was 1998 it
was a five year old Kit Kat I mean it
may be more than hour long they lost she
found it in a cupboard of what I'll get
back to that flight is boring me
shitless every night
[Music]